1.	"... night's festivities hanging in the silent air. Here is Debussy's Fetes":
Orch.: complete performance of Fetes
2.	"... beautiful chants called piainsong. Here is a tiny example of piainsong in the Dorian mode":
Orch.:	SING in unison
3.	"... Now here's another piece in the Dorian mode - - I
wonder if you know it":
Drums, bass, and L.B. play "Along Comes Mary"
(8 bars, with L.B. singing as he plays)
4.	"... ancient, far-off quality, this time coming from the
remote, lonely forests of Finland":
Orch.:	first 16 bars of Sibelius Symph. #6,
1st Mvt. (to dbt. of 17)
SKIPPED
5.	"That's no Amen, of course. But musically, it's the same
idea. And so is this":
String Quartet:	"Eleanor Rigby" intro.
(L.B. joins them)
6.	"... like this well-known spot in the 3rd movement of Rimsky-
Korsakov's Sheherazade, which, as you know, is madly Oriental":
Orch.:	Sheherazade, 3rd Mvt., from bar 20 to
dbt. of one before (A)
(fast cue)
7.	"... in the slow movement of his 4th Symphony. I'm sure
you've all heard this solemn and majestic phrase":
Orch.:	Brahms 4th Symphony, 3rd Mvt.-opening 4 bars
8.	"For instance, Prokofieff, in his music for ... "Lieutenant
Kije", uses this mode ... as a piccolo solo"":
Orch.:	Lt. Kije, 1 to 3 (omit dbt. oboe entrance
at 3)
(fast cue)
9.	"... it would sound like this":
Piccolo solo: repeat Kije phrase, with E flat,
instead of natural
10.	(segue) "But no, Prokofieff adds his comic touch by using
that Lydian raised 4th note":
Piccolo solo: repeat passage, replacing E flats
for naturals
11.	"Sibelius... was constantly using the Lydian mode, as in
this passage from his 4th Symphony":
Orch.: Sibelius' 4th Symphony, 2nd Mvt.
beginning to dbt. of one before (A)
12.	"... We're going to play it for you now -- and listen for
that tangy Lydian sound":
Orch.: Mussorgsky, Boris: Polonaise (complete)
13.	"I ... used the Mixolydian mode from beginning to end, so it ought to make a good example. And here it 		is. I hope you like it":
Orch.:	Bernstein, Danzon (complete)
14.	"... this tremendous C-major festival by the greatest
composer of all time — Beethoven":
Orch.: Beethoven, 5th Symph., 4th Mvt.: Coda to end
15.	"... do you recall that opening dancy tune in the Dorian
mode?"
Orch.: bars 3, 4, 5 incl.
16.	"...The one with the raised 4th note, the Polish one?":
Orch.:	4 before (2);	2 bars only
17.	"...The one with the lowered leading tone,the jazzy one?
Orch.:	3 after (2);	4 bars only
18.	"... the distant procession begins, we hear it in the
Dorian":
Orch.:	9 after (10);	4 bars and dbt.
19.	"...And then it quickly switches to the Mixolydian":
........ 		Orch.:	13 after (10);	4 bars
20.	"... Here is the dance music":
Str. and Perc. only:	(13), 4 bars
21.	".. and here is the march music":
Tutti minus Str.:	(13),	4 bars
22.	".. and here are the two musics together":
Tutti: (13),	8 bars
23.	"You ought to know, since you are now masters of the
modes":
Orch.:	Fetes (complete)
(end)